c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\SecondPage.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\TestUserControl.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\MvvmTutorial.xr.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\MvvmTutorial.exe
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\MvvmTutorial.pdb
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\MvvmTutorial.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MvvmTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\SecondPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\SecondPage.g.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.g.i.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.g.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\TestUserControl.g.i.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\TestUserControl.g.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\SecondPage.xaml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.xaml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\TestUserControl.xaml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\SecondPage.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\TestUserControl.xbf
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MvvmTutorial.exe
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MvvmTutorial.pdb
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation\en-US\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.Properties.Resources.resw
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MvvmTutorial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri.xml
c:\users\zheng_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvvmTutorial\MvvmTutorial\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
